hyah so it is now the last week of
lectures how scary is that I'm like I'm
basically finished the thirstier course
I just need to make sure I know for
exams now so it's my last physics lab
today I had my last chemistry lab last
week reading crazy it's come so fast and
yeah staying calm I'm just preparing for
my physics practical um I'm gonna have
lunch cycle over to West Cambridge was
fun the weather isn't too bad today so
as long as the Sun stays out that's fine
gonna keep going through well hey I'm
feeling feeling motivated I can do this
okay so it's time to head off to physics
practical think of go everything you
need here I'm getting my bike out to
cycle over to the physics labs I quickly
regretted wearing a jumper because it
was so sunny and this is the bike park
outside the Cavendish laboratory where I
go every two weeks when I have physics
labs and here you go taste it works like
cycling around Cambridge here's me
cycling back from physics labs when I go
home from uni I might actually cycle
around my hometown quite a lot I quite
enjoy it
there are mushrooms oh my god that's a
mushroom Astrid everyone is horrified so
69 so supposed to be a boat at the
boathouse didn't like 1 minute so I'm
gonna run off sometimes
so I've been o'clock seeing em for the
4th men's crew this time the river was
nice and quiet very productive rowing
outing okay so I've just got quickly
changed after my brewing outing and now
I am off to a chemistry lecture I'm
gonna whiz off because otherwise I'll be
late
luckily this lecturer guy starts at five
past so I'm right on time to walk in and
just as he starts talking perfectly
timed session
[Music]
hello I am still working in asteroids
room Astra's working - Allah is like
she's at the desk so you think she's
doing those of what but well she's
actually writing stuff down I'm
impressed
yes Amy wow so many sheets of paper you
want to show the camera I could just put
the camera but that'd be too easy
Wow and these guys can show you what the
camera is all guys wow
production here at Jesus College
Cambridge so I'm just about to head off
to my last Saturday morning lectures of
term yes I'm so happy
like how many Saturday morning lectures
have I done this year 1620 this is gonna
be my 20th early Saturday morning for
lectures and 20 is enough let me tell
you so fingers crossed my modulus next
year don't have Saturday morning
lectures I bet they will now I say that
but you never know but yeah happy to be
Saturday morning lecture free for a good
five months or something so the time is
12:30 I've done my usual Saturday
morning staff you know the drill I have
lectures then I go to brunch they come
back to my room I've told myself now
that I'm not gonna leave my room until
calf dinner calf dinner is at six
o'clock or I'll be going at 6:00 anyway
and at the time now is 12:30 so that
gives me a good five and a half hours to
get work done and I'm determined and if
someone knocks on my door or someone
tries to chat to me or sausages oh hey
let's go study in the library oh let's
go study in the roost I'm gonna say no
because you know what I will not be
productive and I'm determined to have a
productive day today this is it this is
it like exams are coming so soon now
it's time to get serious I'm ready
let's Bashan walk out I started off by
doing physics passed paper questions
[Music]
and later moved on to some chemistry
work my supervisor had given me I was
listening to music and may have got a
bit distracted
yeah we'll leave that one there I went
to CAF and we all ate outside in Chapel
Court so as you can see I have emerged
from my room for a short time this
evening to have dinner I have left my
room and I have on to captain err and I
have just come back and then now I then
go back to work did make the mistake of
listening to music again
[Music]
got to love a bit of musical theater
like we all have an inner Elphaba right
okay okay so I'm now ready for bed so I
just saw my friends a few of them had
gone to formal sir so after that I put
the ketchup I'm just finishing off one
last chemistry question and then I'll go
into bed setting why a long time all
right not too early I think I'm gonna
set it for like 8 o'clock yeah
that's reasonable because then I get a
nice good sleep tonight it'll be fine
cuz I have early morning outings for
thing right yeah things next week
so I've got to make sure I've got a bank
of sleep built up first
yeah one last chemistry question so
chemistry is done and now good so good
night good morning it is Sunday I have
just got my breakfast
a bowl of Frosty's slept in quite a bit
and I actually mean really did sleep in
like it's past 11:00 yeah so now getting
on with things
today is going to be a day of Earth
Sciences as I haven't done much in the
last week and I need to revise all the
theory stuff for the essay paper so what
I'm going to do is I'm gonna like keep
looking through my notes and then
practice writing essays from past papers
is the plan I am just having a coffee
I am doing some earth flashcards just
going over the stuff that I've been
looking over in the lecture notes and
the flashcards I'm going over are the
ones I made over the Christmas holiday
and it's quite good good haven't been
over them in a while so it's reminding
me of stuff I forgot but I find it
really crazy yeah but there's really
niche things I've written down on these
flashcards I'm just testing myself so
for example this card is space geodesy
techniques and obviously I know GPS and
then I was like I think this one called
long baseline interferometry and that is
just a random like how did I remember
that how is that still in the back of my
brain like flashcards work they really
do because I have not looked at these
flashcards since since like January
nuggets knowledge of my brave didn't
even know were there
[Music]
Ella with her purchases and her free
zero so we have just been shopping as a
revision break because it's healthy to
get out of the room once in a while and
get fresh air because I have not left
the staircase today and till now and now
I have and I feel refreshed and I'm
ready to get back to the other ocean
literally I think it's the Coke Zero
craftable grafton craft we're turning
northern wills turning us northern help
us I have gone back to my room to carry
on with my earth sciences so we've all
said we're going to calf and about just
over an hour's time so that gives me in
just over an hour of focus work now
think half I'll come back to a bit more
work this evening but I don't want to go
to bed to eight because you need a good
sleep to get going on the week ahead
last few days and lectures coming up and
one top of all my set work and deadlines
which is good so I'm actually just
revising the moment I actually didn't
realize how much time dance was taking
up for me last term because I don't
never mentioned it but I have given up
warm and Latin dance classes this term
I'm just carrying on with my coaxing
and obviously making YouTube videos and
its freed up a lot of time to revise and
I'm actually way more on top of my super
work than I have been in the past two
terms which is so much less stressful
especially when I put all this extra
vision to do on top so that was a really
really good decision anyway enough
rambling
today most inside checks the cuff menu -
caramel brownie
I'm here
until enough I need I need to write this
down in a speech this makes me so angry
those I need favor as the old version
does not do English as a leader okay so
a knot is a man teacher that could use a
pardon
so it could use like that's all enough
his knots don't count as buttons they're
different things so the general debate
going on was are not real or not if you
lost at this point
I don't blame you you can see from the
local New Jersey that it wasn't the most
exciting of all dinner table
conversations Astrid has just started a
YouTube channel you should go check it
out subscribe
yeah Astrid Francesca I'll get page to
link it below goes on those like hot
spell my name
yeah so I don't expect you to be able to
go subscribe she's an English student
and does really cool videos
English is like how I sign off like
comment and subscribe I just realized
it's Sunday evening I'm like why doesn't
leak I'm very so quickly I'm gonna go to
lectures again tomorrow
hey there's only three more early starts
oh my god I can't wait till Thursday
Thursday's let me such a good day
because it's the first day where I'm
like just free practical free I still
will have super visions which is good
because God knows I need them and I'm
doing some federal provisions
supervisions as well in the coming few
weeks to help prep me for exams with my
supervisors so that'll be good
[Music]
and I am in my favorite place
whoo-hoo and today time is to write two
essays or one and a half maybe I
probably have time for before the
lecture could you supposed to hare spend
like half an hour on each one
[Music]
okay so it's now the afternoon and I've
just had a bit of a panic to be honest
like I've just looked to my diary
and I've realized that I've got like
just do two weeks exams and it's like it
just it feels so real now and my god my
eyes are watering I'm not crying I'm
just I'm ill it's just stressed me out
so much no idea and then I just went
through about like half an hour's worth
feeling really defeatist and like oh I'm
gonna fail what no I just give him a
half a pep talk because that's what you
have to do I told myself actually I will
I will be fine and that I just need to
stay calm and get back to it so that's
what I'm doing I've just gone and got
myself a nice coffee huh mmm
we're regrouping I feel like this is
where it's really quite clear that I I
get I get very stressed during exams of
like it's not just this year like I
really get extremely stressed during
exams I say this every year but I do
feel like this year like I don't feel as
prepared as I usually do for exams I
know it's like a really common thing
like everyone gets a bit stressed about
exams everyone feels the pressure
oh they'll be fine it'll be fine okay
update I've done poor essays yeah for
essays today Wow and I've just had
barbecue for dinner
very very nice spent an hour just eating
and chatting with my friends which was a
good break now I've got a nice evening
soup Oh got to love those so I'll be
done with that at 8:15 here I am heading
back across college after my soup Oh
good morning so I've just had lectures
oh it's a scary night I finished the
maths course and I finished the physics
course now finished that's it for
lectures in theory I should know
everything I need to know
so my physics lecturer I've got to tell
you this because it's just he was like
at the end he's like right so I'm gonna
talk to you with six hours or in two
weeks he was like the nature of these
courses is it's different to when you're
at school you could go the whole year
about rising then crammed in the last
few weeks I'd get a good grade so here
it's the exact opposite you have to work
really hard for 22 weeks the hardest
you've ever watched in your life and so
any what you're trying to go and do now
there's two weeks it will not make a
difference if you sat the exam to where
you probably at the same grade as you
will buddy taking the actual exam and
everyone was just like oh my god I was
like so what so what if you haven't
worked hard enough over the last 20
weeks what did you do then what are you
suggesting to me he's like you just got
to think of it as damage limitation oh
my god so basically he was like so don't
stress out if the next few weeks don't
go crazy and passed papers and then I
was like well what my gir do then like
that you are stressing he was saying
don't stress but he was stressing me out
with that talk and taureanas is even
more stressful because probably some
true family saying they did give tips
the exam so now I have a bit more of a
strategy for the physics exam
I've just heard right from the library
to do my laundry and now I'm back off to
the library because my stuff silver okay
so this latter had in Starbucks was
massive like literally look how big it
is in comparison to me I had a voucher
for a free drink of any size so
obviously I went for the largest one
possible and here is a clip from the end
of my final lecture of this year we all
applauded the lecturer and that's it for
action page is actually waiting to hit
20k is it lies we all wait tech Queen
right here says you might have a great
Cambridge scholar here we have ed well
give us away
[Music]
yeah what can I say undiscovered talent
you say the Fonz we got you as a present
yeah wait wait
um so the first thing you need to know
about pages page obsessed with vinegar
on page likes cupcakes sitting 20 KB
what page did did okay
the cupcake we bought have some sort of
camera cupcakes and since we are very
nice and I know it's very nice and
alphabetti spaghetti alphabetti
spaghetti so that is the lastly two
lectures over thank you very much for
watching and thank you for 20,000 of you
subscribing it's really exciting slice
about it so please do like it subscribe
you don't like it subscribe worst
channel okay say like it's discard you
enjoyed the video and goodbye from all
of us
[Music]